Use `Object.toJSON()` method to serialize (#38)
sindresorhus/serialize-error: readme.md

Non-enumerable properties are kept non-enumerable (name, message, stack).
Enumerable properties are kept enumerable (all properties besides the non-enumerable ones).
Circular references are handled.

> If the input object contains `.toJSON()` then its result will be returned instead of object properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the input object has a `.toJSON()` method, then it's called instead of serializing the object's properties.
```

It's up on `.toJSON()` implementation to handle circular references and enumerability of the properties.

`.toJSON` example:

```js
class ErrorWithDate extends Error {
    constructor() {

>         super()

Reviewer: Use semi-colons everywhere.

>         this.date = new Date(0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        this.date = new Date();
```

    }
}
const error = new ErrorWithDate()
serializeError(date);
// => {date: '1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z', name, message, stack}

class ErrorWithToJSON extends Error {
    constructor() {
        super('🦄');

>         this.date = new Date(0);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        this.date = new Date();
```

    }

    toJSON() {
        return serializeError(this);
    }
}

> const err = new ErrorWithToJSON();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const error = new ErrorWithToJSON();
```

console.log(serializeError(err));
// => {date: '1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z', message: '🦄', name, stack}

> ```

Reviewer: index.d.ts should be in sync with the readme.

Enumerable properties are kept enumerable (all properties besides the non-enumerable ones).
Circular references are handled.

#### options

##### allowToJSON

Type: `Boolean`, default: `false`

If `true` and if the input object contains `.toJSON()` then its result will be returned instead of object properties.

It's up on `.toJSON()` implementation to handle circular references and enumerability of the properties.

> Example:

Reviewer 2: Although these examples are technically correct, I'd say they should use Error instances, as anything else is out of scope for this package, and probably falls into "undefined behavior" territory.

```js
const date = {date: new Date(0)};
serializeError(date);
// => {}
serializeError(date, {allowToJSON: true});
// => {date: '1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z'}

const obj = {

>     foo: 'bar',

Reviewer 2: Consider throwing in a rainbow, unicorn, heart or lightning here to increase the consistency, or just to appease @sindresorhus 😉
